codelabs/android-tensorflow-artistic-style-transfer/page-03.md, before:

# 2. Getting set up

### Get the Code

There are two ways to grab the source for this codelab: either download a ZIP file containing the code, or clone it from GitHub.

#### ZIP Download

Click the following button to download all the code for this codelab:

### [**`Download Source Code`**](https://github.com/googlecodelabs/tensorflow-style-transfer-android/archive/codelab-start.zip)

Unpack the downloaded zip file. This will unpack a root folder (`tensorflow-style-transfer-android-codelab-start`), which contains the base app we'll work on in this codelab, including all of the app resources.

#### Check out from GitHub

Check the code out from GitHub:

```git clone https://github.com/googlecodelabs/tensorflow-style-transfer-android```

This will create a directory containing everything you need. If you change into it you can use `git checkout codelab-start` and `git checkout codelab-finish` to switch between the start & end of the lab, respectively.

### Load the code in Android Studio

> **Important**:
> * If you are doing this codelab at Google I/O 2017, you need to do this codelab in **Android Studio 3.0 Canary** - the one with the yellow/gold logo.

Open Android Studio and select **Import Project**. In the file dialog you will need to navigate to **`android`** directory within the directory you downloaded or checked out in the previous step. For example, if you checked out the code into your home directory, you'll want to open `$HOME/tensorflow-style-transfer-android/android`.

If prompted, you should **accept** the suggestion to use the Gradle wrapper and **decline** to use Instant Run.

> **Important**:
> * You need to import/open the **android** directory, **not** the **tensorflow-style-transfer-android** directory


Once Android Studio has imported the project, use the file browser to open the **StylizeActivity** class. This is where we'll work - if you can load the file OK then let's move on to the next section.

> **Note:** The code in this section has been forked from the main TensorFlow repository so that you don't have to compile & check out the whole repository. If you want to build from the latest source you can [check it out from GitHub](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/blob/master/tensorflow/examples/android/README.md#user-content-building-the-demo-from-source).

Commit message:

Fixed page for TensorFlow Codelab 1

codelabs/android-tensorflow-artistic-style-transfer/page-03.md, after:

# 3. Load the Android skeleton app

### What's in this app?

This app skeleton contains an Android app that **takes frames from the device's camera and renders them to a view** on the main activity.

#### UI controls

*   The first button, labelled with a number (`256` by default) controls the **size of the image** to display (and eventually run through the style transfer network). Smaller numbers mean smaller images, which will be faster to transform, but will be lower quality. Conversely, bigger images will contain more detail but will take longer to transform.
*   The second button, labelled `save`, will **save the current frame** to your device for you to use later.
*   The thumbnails represent **possible styles** you can use to transform the camera feed. Each image is a slider and you can **combine multiple sliders** that will represent the ratios of each style you wish to apply to your camera frames. These ratios, along with the camera frame, represent the **inputs into the network**.

<img src="https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/tensorflow-style-transfer-android/img/725a01c7c2722be7.png" alt="Android App Image" width="300" height="500" class="medium"/>

### What is all this extra code?

The app code includes some helpers that are required to interface between native TensorFlow and Android Java. The details of their implementation is not important, but you should understand what they do.

#### `StylizeActivity.onPreviewSizeChosen(...)`

The app skeleton uses a custom camera fragment that will call this method once permissions have been granted and the camera is available to use.

#### `StylizeActivity.setStyle(...)`

This keeps the style sliders normalised such that their values sum to 1.0, in line with what our network is expecting.

#### `StylizeActivity.renderDebug(...)`

Provides a debug overlay when you press the volume up or down buttons on the device, including output from TensorFlow, performance metrics and the original, unstyled, image.

#### `StylizeActivity.stylizeImage(...)`

This is where we will do our work. The provided code performs some conversion between arrays of integers (provided by Android's [`getPixels()`](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/graphics/Bitmap.html#getPixels(int[],%20int,%20int,%20int,%20int,%20int,%20int)) method) of the form `[0xRRGGBB, ...]` to arrays of floats [0.0, 1.0] of the form `[r, g, b, r, g, b, ...]`.

#### `ImageUtils.*`

Provides some helpers for transforming images. The camera provides image data in [YUV space](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YUV) (as it is the most widely supported), but the network expects [RGB](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RGB_color_space), so we provide helpers to convert the image. Most of these are implemented in native C++ for speed; the code is in the [`jni`](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tree/master/tensorflow/examples/android/jni) directory but for this lab is provided via the pre-built `libtensorflow_demo.so` binaries in the ![Directory Icon](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/tensorflow-style-transfer-android/img/bb745dc85ae69f6b.png)`libs` directory (defined as ![Directory Icon](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/tensorflow-style-transfer-android/img/bb745dc85ae69f6b.png)`jniLibs` in Android Studio). If these aren't available, the code will fall back to a Java implementation.
